What is the purpose of the FormData object in JavaScript?
To validate form data
To create new forms
To easily construct form data for submission
To store form templates
3
FormData provides an easy way to construct a set of key/value pairs representing form fields and values.
Which HTTP status code indicates successful form validation but pending processing?
200 OK
201 Created
202 Accepted
204 No Content
3
202 Accepted indicates the request was valid but processing is still pending.
How do you prevent automated form submissions?
Using CAPTCHA
Using hidden fields
Using JavaScript validation
All of the above
4
Multiple techniques including CAPTCHA, honeypots, and validation help prevent automated submissions.
What's the purpose of the form's autocomplete attribute?
To automatically submit forms
To enable browser autofill
To auto-validate fields
To auto-format input
2
The autocomplete attribute controls whether browsers should offer to save and autofill form data.
How do you handle cross-origin form submissions?
Using CORS headers
Using JSONP
Using a proxy
Both A and C are correct
4
Cross-origin form submissions can be handled with CORS headers or through a proxy.
Which attribute helps prevent Cross-Site Request Forgery (CSRF)?
<form secure>
<form token>
<input type="hidden" name="_token">
<form csrf>
3
CSRF tokens in hidden fields help verify that form submissions come from your site.
How do you create a form that updates resources using the PATCH method?
<form method="PATCH">
Using _method hidden field
Using X-HTTP-Method-Override header
Both B and C are correct
4
Since HTML forms don't support PATCH, it's implemented using hidden fields or headers.
What's the best practice for handling form validation errors?
Alert messages
Inline error messages
Server-side redirects
Client-side only
2
Inline error messages provide the best user experience for form validation feedback.
How do you implement real-time form validation?
Using input event listeners
Using submit event listeners
Using focus event listeners
Using load event listeners
1
Input event listeners allow validation as the user types or changes values.
Which HTTP header indicates the type of response expected from the server?
Accept
Content-Type
Response-Type
Expect
1
The Accept header tells the server what type of response the client expects.